Reviewer 1 of ICRA 2016 submission 1528

Comments to the author
======================

The paper presents a distributed Bayesian filtering (DBF)
method based on measurement dissemination.  Using
Latest-In-and-Full-Out (LIFO) approach, each robot only
exchanges with neiboring robots a full communication buffer
consisting of latest available measurement. 

While some numerical techniques are described, there are a
number of multi-robot filtering techniques developed to
date.  Only results (two examples) are presented with no
parametric studies and no comparison to other techniques. 
Further the results are numerical only with no actual
experiments.  

Comparison to other techniques is indispensable for this
paper as the multi-robot performance can be improved not
only by the local communication but also by controlling
many other parameters.	


Reviewer 2 of ICRA 2016 submission 1528

Comments to the author
======================
This paper offers a method for performing Bayesian
filtering in a distributed, networked setting, and presents
a discussion on the role of switching network topologies on
the filtering process.

While the topic area is of high interest to the robotics
community, the contributions of this work in the context of
the expansive literature on multi-agent distributed
Bayesian filtering appear minimal. Research in robotics,
signal processing, networked control, and operations
research communities have extensively studied this problem
area with substantial results, and the presented work does
little to provide the context or comparison with the
existing (and more substantive) work in the literature. 
The problem formulation is not particularly novel, with
much prior work in the areas of compressive sensing,
distributed filtering with communication delays (where you
may have packet ordering problems), and numerical
approaches for computing and merging posterior
distributions.

The presentation is clean and offers a nice summary
overview of the common formulations of such distributed
Bayesian methods, including batch formulations of the
update equations, but as stated previously, does not
outright contribute new insights. 

The presented numerical studies highlight the approach;
however, the limited nature of the simulations with little
to no quantification of performance, comparison with
existing state-of-the-art approaches that already treat the
issues proposed in this work, or even a discussion on
sensitivity on system parameters (e.g., transmission
lengths, number of robots/targets).  Such a limited study
fails to convey the significance of the contribution and
further prevents measurable comparisons and reproducible
results by the community.


----------------------------------------
Comments on Video Attachment:



Reviewer 3 of ICRA 2016 submission 1528

Comments to the author
======================

In the paper, the authors propose a new measurement
dissemination-based distributed Bayesian filtering (DBF)
algorithm based on Latest-In-and-Full-Out (LIFO) exchange.
The authors provide several proofs on the behavour of the
algorithms, including proof of shortest path
characteristics, as well as proof of consistency and
consensus for both the moving robot case and static robot
case when targets are static. The authors then provide
simulation results showing the resulting information
dessimination and estimation of targets for static robots,
static targets as well as moving robots, moving targets.

The paper is very well written. The description of the
algorithms are relatively easy to follow, and the proofs,
for the most part, are very thorough and detailed. The
proofs show interesting characteristics of the authors'
algorithms. I encourage the authors, in addition to
exploring switching topologies, to explore effects of
varying transmission lengths for the same topology. The
authors implicitly assume that if two sensors are
topologically connected, data can be transmitted in the
same timestep whether the sensors are close by or far away.
However, for highly dynamic systems coupled with poor
communications, this assumption may not be valid, and there
could be interesting theoretical consequences in varying
the frequency of new data transmissions between systems,
even for static topology.

I recommend acceptance.
